Added Tech Specs for giant weta (#67)
ghga-de/epic-docs: 28-giant_weta/technical_specification.md

# Batch Download for the CLI Client (Giant Weta)
**Epic Type:** Implementation Epic

**Attention: Please do not put any confidential content here.**

## Scope:

This Epic covers the following features to be implemented into the GHGA-Connector:

> 1. Batch download of multiple files in sequence.
> 
> ## User Journeys
> 
> This epic covers the following user journeys:
> 
> - Batch download of multiple files in sequence.
> 
> ## User Journeys that are not part of this Epic:
> 
> - Batch upload of multiple files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Batch download of multiple files
- files will be downloaded in sequence, no parallelization across files

It does not include:
- Batch upload of multiple files
```
